c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\bin\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.exe
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\bin\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.pdb
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.MobiCriLeague.resources
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.exe
c:\users\brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.pdb
C:\Users\Brick\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\bin\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.exe.config
C:\Users\Brick\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\bin\Debug\MobiCricketLeague.accdb
C:\Users\Brick\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.NewPlayer.resources
C:\Users\Brick\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.AddPlayer.resources
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.Manager.resources
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.BidBox.resources
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.Money.resources
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\bin\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\bin\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.application
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.exe.manifest
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.application
C:\Users\Brick\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\MobiCricketPremiumLeague\obj\x86\Debug\MobiCricketPremiumLeague.ManagerEdit.resources
